======== roundOf32 ========
======== East ========
pushing:  UNC
pushing:  FGCU
pushing:  USC
pushing:  Providence
pushing:  Indiana
pushing:  Chatt.
pushing:  Kentucky
pushing:  Stony Brook
pushing:  Notre Dame
pushing:  Michigan
pushing:  W. Virginia
pushing:  SF Austin
pushing:  Wisconsin
pushing:  Pittsburgh
pushing:  Xavier
pushing:  Weber State
======== South ========
pushing:  Kansas
pushing:  Austin Peay
pushing:  Colorado
pushing:  UConn
pushing:  Maryland
pushing:  S. Dakota St.
pushing:  California
pushing:  Hawaii
pushing:  Arizona
pushing:  Wichita St.
pushing:  Miami
pushing:  Buffalo
pushing:  Iowa
pushing:  Temple
pushing:  Villanova
pushing:  UNC_Ash.
======== Midwest ========
pushing:  Virginia
pushing:  Hampton
pushing:  Texas Tech
pushing:  Butler
pushing:  Purdue
pushing:  Ark._LR
pushing:  Iowa State
pushing:  Iona
pushing:  Seton Hall
pushing:  Gonzaga
pushing:  Utah
pushing:  Fresno State
pushing:  Dayton
pushing:  Syracuse
pushing:  Michigan St.
pushing:  Mid. Tenn.
======== West ========
pushing:  Oregon
pushing:  Southern
pushing:  St. Joseph's
pushing:  Cincinnati
pushing:  Baylor
pushing:  Yale
pushing:  Duke
pushing:  UNC_Wilm.
pushing:  Texas
pushing:  N. Iowa
pushing:  Texas A&M
pushing:  Green Bay
pushing:  Oregon St.
pushing:  VCU
pushing:  Oklahoma
pushing:  CSU Bakers.
UNC
Providence
Indiana
Kentucky
Notre Dame
W. Virginia
Wisconsin
Xavier
Kansas
UConn
Maryland
Hawaii
Arizona
Miami
Iowa
Villanova
Virginia
Butler
Purdue
Iona
Gonzaga
Utah
Syracuse
Michigan St.
Oregon
Cincinnati
Yale
Duke
N. Iowa
Texas A&M
Oregon St.
Oklahoma
======== sweet16 ========
UNC
Kentucky
W. Virginia
Xavier
Kansas
Maryland
Miami
Villanova
Butler
Iona
Gonzaga
Syracuse
Oregon
Duke
Texas A&M
Oklahoma
======== elite8 ========
UNC
Xavier
Kansas
Villanova
Butler
Syracuse
Oregon
Texas A&M
======== final4 ========
UNC
Kansas
Butler
Oregon
======== championship ========
UNC
Oregon
======== winner ========
UNC
