======== roundOf32 ========
======== East ========
pushing:  UNC
pushing:  FGCU
pushing:  USC
pushing:  Providence
pushing:  Indiana
pushing:  Chatt.
pushing:  Kentucky
pushing:  Stony Brook
pushing:  Notre Dame
pushing:  Michigan
pushing:  W. Virginia
pushing:  SF Austin
pushing:  Wisconsin
pushing:  Pittsburgh
pushing:  Xavier
pushing:  Weber State
======== South ========
pushing:  Kansas
pushing:  Austin Peay
pushing:  Colorado
pushing:  UConn
pushing:  Maryland
pushing:  S. Dakota St.
pushing:  California
pushing:  Hawaii
pushing:  Arizona
pushing:  Wichita St.
pushing:  Miami
pushing:  Buffalo
pushing:  Iowa
pushing:  Temple
pushing:  Villanova
pushing:  UNC_Ash.
======== Midwest ========
pushing:  Virginia
pushing:  Hampton
pushing:  Texas Tech
pushing:  Butler
pushing:  Purdue
pushing:  Ark._LR
pushing:  Iowa State
pushing:  Iona
pushing:  Seton Hall
pushing:  Gonzaga
pushing:  Utah
pushing:  Fresno State
pushing:  Dayton
pushing:  Syracuse
pushing:  Michigan St.
pushing:  Mid. Tenn.
======== West ========
pushing:  Oregon
pushing:  Southern
pushing:  St. Joseph's
pushing:  Cincinnati
pushing:  Baylor
pushing:  Yale
pushing:  Duke
pushing:  UNC_Wilm.
pushing:  Texas
pushing:  N. Iowa
pushing:  Texas A&M
pushing:  Green Bay
pushing:  Oregon St.
pushing:  VCU
pushing:  Oklahoma
pushing:  CSU Bakers.
UNC
Providence
Indiana
Kentucky
Notre Dame
W. Virginia
Pittsburgh
Xavier
Kansas
UConn
S. Dakota St.
California
Wichita St.
Miami
Temple
UNC_Ash.
Virginia
Texas Tech
Ark._LR
Iona
Gonzaga
Utah
Syracuse
Michigan St.
Oregon
Cincinnati
Baylor
Duke
Texas
Texas A&M
VCU
Oklahoma
======== sweet16 ========
UNC
Kentucky
W. Virginia
Xavier
Kansas
California
Wichita St.
Temple
Virginia
Iona
Utah
Michigan St.
Oregon
Duke
Texas A&M
Oklahoma
======== elite8 ========
UNC
W. Virginia
Kansas
Wichita St.
Virginia
Michigan St.
Duke
Texas A&M
======== final4 ========
W. Virginia
Kansas
Michigan St.
Texas A&M
======== championship ========
Kansas
Michigan St.
======== winner ========
Kansas
